Remove Basic Authentication (Oauth2) from EWS_v2 integration (#36611)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnPremise/ReleaseNotes/2_1_13.md

#### Integrations

##### EWS v2

> - Deprecated the Basic Authentication from the ***EWS v2*** integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the `Basic` authentication method. The integration now defaults to `ntlm`.
```
